1.
	Term: //
	Definition: A character sequence that denotes a c++ comment
2.
	Term: <<
	Definition: The insertion operator. Used to insert values into an object, such as cout, which is used to print output
3.
	Term: C++
	Definition: A programming language made off of C. An interface for which humans can tell computers what to do by writing programs in the language
4.
	Term: comment
	Definition: A section of text that is not ignored by the compiler and has no effect on the program. Often used to write notes.
5.
	Term: compiler
	Definition: A program that takes text written in a high-level language and translates it into object code
6.
	Term: compile-time error
	Definition: An error given by the compiler when there is a syntax error in code
7.
	Term: cout
	Definition: Stands for Character Output. An object for interfacing with the output stream like the console window.
8.
	Term: executable
	Definition: The file that contains all of the optimized machine code for executing a program when run.
9.
	Term: function
	Definition: A section of code that takes in several arguments and returns a value after executing a set of steps
10.
	Term: header
	Definition: A file used for defining functions and many other things. Is including in a program by the linker.
11.
	Term: IDE
	Definition: Integrated Development Environment. A program used to write code, and do many other things like debug/compile/link
12.
	Term: #include
	Definition: A pre-processor definition used to include libraries or headers during compile time
13.
	Term: library
	Definition: A set of functions in another file
14.
	Term: linker
	Definition: A program that grabs all of the compiled object code in different libraries and matches them to #include statements
15.
	Term: main()
	Definition: The entrypoint function for any program
16.
	Term: object code
	Definition: Code that is able to be read by the machine
17.
	Term: output
	Definition: A return value of a function or a program.
18.
	Term: program
	Definition: A set of instructions that tells a computer what to do
19.
	Term: source code
	Definition: The actual human-readable code
20.
	Term: statement
	Definition: Any line of code that is executed by a program